
6.Using diff to Find Bugs

How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?- Viewing a diff
between files made it alot easier to spot the bug. It highlighted the
differences so I could focus my attention on the changes between the code, which
helped me isolate the problem.

8. Using History for Efficiency

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term? It would allow me to, if need be, go back
to previous versions of the code because the current code isn't working. It
could also help me isolate bugs like with the diff function.

15. Manual Commits

What do you think are the pros and cons  of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does? The pros are that you can save when you want, which will help with
file clutter. The commits will also usually be the size you like. The cons are
that manual saving opens up for user mistakes, when someone doesnt save their
commits properly. Automatic saving is nice since you don't have to worry about
saving constantly, but that may create too many files or not save properly since
you closed the file before it saved.

18. Multi-File Commits

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file seperately?
Git is normally used for code, and when one piece of code changes, it can affect
all files. Thus is would be nessecary to be able to change all files. Google
Docs isnt really used for code, so that functionality wouldn't really be
nessecary.

22. Using Git to View History

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log can bes used to find commits, and git diff can be used to find
differences in those commits by highlighting the changes between files. This
helps the user identify changes better. 26. Confidence from Version Control

26. Confidence from Version Control

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something? It makes me more confident by letting me go back and
figure out where the mistake was made.That way I can fix that mistake. If I mess
something up, I can fix it.

31. How Do You Want to Use Git?
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for? I would like to finish this course, then do what is nessecary inside of my class. Afterwards, it will be useful if I ever need to use Git again, say to go back to a previous version of a file. The experience will also be useful in the future.
